I have almost 5 years of professional experience in Python. General programming and AI. Deep learning, pytorch, as well as generative AI. I am learning Rust right now as well. Not interested in other languages right now. Maybe some SQLite.
I currently earn money by chasing clients online and making small MVPs, Proof of Concepts, or giving workshops. It is not sustainable for now. I need ideas on what to do moving forward. I am financially safe for the next 6 months if that's relevant.

I don't want to make a product, saas, or any sort of B2B or B2C thing. I don't want the hassle of deployment or user management etc.
Consulting would be cool. But why would anyone come to me? Maybe we could make a plan for that?
What are other unconventional ways of making money in software? I don't care about "staying in the industry". I just like to code. It could be for anything. No websites or anything, that would be in the same category of deploying and managing a service.
What about bounties? Not sustainable I would assume?
Also, my wife is a doctor and recently she had a situation where she had to to go a certain browser tab every 20 minutes to check on something. I quickly (witht he help of AI) wrote a small script running in the background that goes to that tab every 20 minutes no matter what she's doing on her laptop. Then I realized that programming is just problem solving. It doesn't have to be a billion dollar idea or anything. In the end, it's just solving problems, especially in this digital world. Could I leverage that skill somehow? Solve the tech problems of non-technical people. There are infinite. But again, what do I charge? How do I market? Why would they even ask me?
I'm also thinking that as AI code generation gets better, 
List out as many ideas as you can each with a 2-3 line summary. Then we can do a deep dive on the ones I like.